use "let" when you want to create a variable that is really variable

use "const" when you want to constant variable/value (never changes)

arrow functions solve the problem with the "this" keyword

when importing and exporting (modules) the export "default" keyword marks the default export of said file

use curly braces when importing items by their name {name} and not with the default keyword, use when you must import more than one thing

    import person from "./person.js"

    import {baseData, cleanData} from "./utility.js"

classes are blueprints for objects (JS objects in our case) a class has the "class" keyword, and they can have both properties and methods. Methods are functions attached to classes where properties are variable attached to classes

a class is instantiated with the "new" keyword, classes are a way of creating "contructor" functions

a property is added to a class by adding a "constructor()" the default function/method of a class

properties are set up with the "this" keyword. this.name = "Quinten"

    class Person {
        contructor() {
            this.name = "Quinten";
        }

        printMyName() {
            console.log(this.name);
        }
    }

    const person = new Person();
    person.printMyName();

the spread/rest operator is "..."

spread: is used to split up array elements OR object properties

rest: used to merge a list of function arguments into an array

string, numbers, and booleans are "primitive types" while objects and arrays are "reference types"

What is React? React or ReactJS is a free open source front end JavaScript library developed by Facebook for building user interfaces based on UI components, maintained by Meta and the community of companies and devs

How to create a new react app? npx create-react-app@latest project/folder name

What is JSX? JSX in React is an extension to the JavaScript language syntax that provides a way to write HTML in React. JSX stands for JavaScript XML and it makes it easier to write and add HTML in React

What is SPA's in React? SPA is a single-page-application, a web app implementation that loads only a single web document, then updates the body content of that single document via JavaScript

What is the virtual DOM? React uses virtual DOM to optimize the performance of our application. It provides a mechanism that compares two render trees to know exactly what has changed and only updates what is necessary on the actual DOM

React is an SPA language

App.js and Index.js are going to be our main files when starting/building a React App

